WELCOME.

YOU HAVE 1 NEW MESSAGES

>OPEN MESSAGES

INBOX OPEN FOR USER: TLarch

>READ NEWEST MESSAGE

MESSAGE BEGIN

Junior Researcher Larch

As the second month of your assignment at the Reserve draws to a close, important questions need to be considered. Before we get to that, however, I would like to take a moment to congratulate you on all your hard work. The first tour of observation duty is always the most difficult, and you've handled your duties better than most. We still pass around Professor Cypress's worksheets, when we want a good laugh. Remind me to show them to you, when we meet again. He misspelled Magikarp, and it only got worse from there.

I digress. To business, then.

As you are already aware, observation duty is a volunteer post, with terms measured in seasons. With the passing of this next month, you will have finished out the spring season. This means, Junior Researcher, that you have a choice to make. Of course, the option is available to finish out your season, return to the Lab, and be assigned more traditional research work. But, if you so choose, the option is also available to extend your stay at the Reserve throughout summer, as well. 

Now, this is far from a decision to take lightly. The summer season introduces new logistical challenges, both in terms of the weather as well as the movements of new Pokemon. You will, obviously, be furnished with supplies to deal with the increased temperatures, but remember that your mission is still one of minimal footprints.

With all that being said, if you decided to stay for another season, you'd have my blessing. Continuity of researchers is more efficient, and therefore desirable. Also, as I've said, you have so far performed your job more than adequately, and I could think of far worse to be out there. Without knowing your opinion of the work, it feels to me like you might be able to carve a worthwhile niche out of observation duties.

This is an important decision, and so it is important for me to tell you that you are under no pressure to answer right away. Take as long as you need to think about this decision, and do not feel any obligation to say yes. Whatever you decide, the Lab will have more work for you to do. That being said, please give me a reply with your answer within the next seven days, so we can use the remaining time to prepare for summer.

Sincerely,

Professor Redwood

MESSAGE END

>REPLY

BEGIN REPLY, TYPE ">SEND" TO SEND

Sweet fucking mew yes get me the fuck out of this valley righ

THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN ONE MINUTE

>TERMINATE

INBOX CLOSED; UNFINISHED WORK SAVED AS DRAFT

>APPEND LOG "Campfire_Recipes;Personal_TL"

BEGIN LOG ENTRY, TYPE ">COMMIT" TO FINISH

I need to keep my head, here, but fuck me, I couldn't be happier. My duty is almost discharged. All I have to do now is wait out the last month, and I can get out of this accursed valley. No questions asked. No one's the wiser. No more having to share a bed with a horny

THIS SYSTEM W

I need to keep my head. I can't respond to the Professor, right away. She'll think I'm over-eager to get out of observation duty. I am overeager, but I can't let her know that. Even if she didn't suspect something was up, it would be a bad look for a Junior Researcher. I gotta wait a few days. Write the reply out as though this was an extremely hard choice. That's the ticket. Victini willing, I'll get out of this ordeal with a fast track to the Aide's desk.

Just gotta keep it together. The end is in sight.

The moment I get home, I'm getting back on the internet. I need to remember what my own kind's genitals look like.

>COMMIT

LOG COMMITTED

THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN ONE MINUTE

WELCOME

>APPEND LOG "Campfire_Recipes;Personal_TL"

BEGIN LOG ENTRY, TYPE ">COMMIT" TO FINISH

I had a dream last night. At first, it started off as a dream I've had, off and on, since high school. You know, the usual sort of thing. You're wandering around a locker room, after hours. The lights are off, and nobody's around, but it still feels like somebody's watching you as you undress and head to the shower. Suddenly, you're in the shower, and there's somebody behind you. They tell you that clearly you're lost, that "this is the men's locker room, you know." Then, when you protest, they start groping you, saying "you kidding? With an ass like this?"

You know, that perfectly normal dream that all boys have, growing up. 

Anyway, I was just along for the ride, as dreams like this often require. Usually, it just sort of goes like that, for a while. The stranger just continues to heckle me, paw at my exposed body, make it clear that he could bend me over, at any moment. It never gets to that point, frustratingly (and it stopped turning into a wet dream sometime after I was nineteen). Tonight, however, things were different. I couldn't really put my finger on what. It was only when I looked down at myself that I realized there were more hands groping me, than there usually were. Two more hands, in fact. Also my bully was taller. And more muscular. And I think at some point the only thing he could say was "Machamp," in a sexually charged manner.

I was woken from that dream by a set of jaws, pressing down on my arm. Subject Alpha pulled her head back, eyes still closed, sleepily growling at me. Apparently, as close together as we were on my little bed, my hard-on was poking into her ribs, and she was too tired to deal with that, at the moment.

It's now... late. Not quite dawn. I'm wide awake, but more importantly I don't want to go back to sleep. I don't relish the idea of trying to muscle out some space to sleep from the Mightyena who's claimed my bed as her own, only to have to deal with more dreams like that?

Fuck this. I need some air.

>COMMIT

LOG COMMITTED

THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN ONE MINUTE

WELCOME

>APPEND LOG "Campfire_Recipes;Personal_TL"

BEGIN LOG ENTRY, TYPE ">COMMIT" TO FINISH

You'd think I would have learned, the first time I decided to just go for a walk in the middle of the night. I still have the object lesson for late-night excursions, hogging the cot in my room. Fortunately, it wasn't a canine in heat waiting for me, as I started down the path to the valley.

No, instead it was just Subject Beta. He sat at the bottom of the hill, staring up at me once again as if he had expected me to come. At least this time, he didn't attack me. He didn't have to. I knew what it meant, that he was here like this.

"I was going to go somewhere dangerous, wasn't I?" I asked him.

The Absol didn't answer, but the look in his eye was more than enough confirmation for me.

"Yeah, I guess it was a dumb idea," I said. "I just really wanted to get some air." He stood and started to approach. I felt a momentary twinge of panic, as I remembered what happened the last time we had a disagreement about where I ought to go. "I'll turn around. It's fine. I can just go back and..."

His jaws shut against my hand, very gently. He pulled me forward, then let go as he began to walk. Apparently, he would be accompanying me on my walk. I didn't protest, instead following him into the forest.

He cut something of a winding path. At various points, he would stop, sniffing the air. Sometimes he would turn in a sudden, unexpected direction, or he would block me from going further for a minute, before letting us both move on. I had taken the time to learn more about Absol and their danger-sense ability. It really is quite a fascinating thing. I wish I had something along those lines, so I could have avoided half the situations I'd found myself in, these past two months.

Eventually, Subject Beta led me to a treeless ridge, bathed in moonlight. At the center of the clearing was a stamped down pile of vegetation, which the Absol immediately made himself comfortable on. Below was a massive compound, an absolutely wretched chaos of single story shacks, half-finished log cabins and structures built out of what can only be described as "junk." At the center was a tower, looming over the rest of the compound, awe-inspiring only in that it seemed to be standing, on its own.

"This is the central compound," I found myself remarking. "The old Team Terror headquarters." I had noted to myself, then, that there appeared to be lights on in several of the buildings. Whether that meant working electricity, or the presence of especially luminous Pokemon, I was unable to say. Not that either of those prospects were especially great, given my purpose for being there. In any case, I turned back to Subject Beta and asked him. "You've set up a nest here. Why? Isn't it dangerous, down there?"

Subject Beta yapped something, distractedly, as he scooched over on his pile of leaves.

I wasn't really paying attention to him, at the time. Curiosity took precedence. "Are you... keeping an eye on the place?"

Subject Beta made more room on his bed. It occurred to me, then, that he was not-so-subtly inviting me to sit with him. I must have had a question in my eyes, or something, because his expression went from inquiring to bashful. I must have been imagining things, because it felt for all the world like he was... hitting on me. The idea was more than a bit strange. "Arresting," is a word that springs to mind. As ill-advised as it might have been, I sat down next to him. That seemed to make him happy; he edged his body closer as soon as I was situated, wrapping his long flank around one of my hips and resting his head on top of my thigh.

I don't know how to explain how I felt about this. The last time I interacted with this creature, it ended with bits of him dribbling out of my body. He took my anal virginity (assuming toys don't count) in the middle of the forest, entirely against my will. And yet, here he was, stretched out cat-like against me. His head in my lap, perfectly situated for scratches. I found myself looking down at that soft, white fur, feeling the gentle push of his chest as it expanded and contracted with his breath. The only thing I could think, at the time, was that it was beautiful.

He was beautiful.

I put my hand through his fur. It was wild and unkempt, but every bit as soft as I imagined it must have been. Just like what happened with Subject Alpha, I found myself talking. I couldn't stop. I told Subject Beta about my job, about the Pokemon I'd seen during my observation duties. I fell into a tangent, when I started talking about the mating Luxio that kept showing up. I didn't tell him I was leaving. I didn't tell him that I wasn't going to miss him, or Subject Alpha, or anything else I'd run into in this job.

THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN ONE MINUTE

WELCOME. YOU HAVE UNCOMMITTED PROGRESS ON "Campfire_Recipes;Personal_TL." WOULD YOU LIKE TO CONTINUE?

THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTE

>Y

RESUME LOG ENTRY, TYPE ">COMMIT" TO FINISH

All of a sudden, my face is in his fur. I'm leaning over, holding on to him as I put my nose against his neck. He smelled like an animal. I don't know what else I was expecting. Subject Beta was clearly also not expecting my actions, because I can hear him giving me a chirp of confusion. After a moment, however, he seemed to have some idea of what was going on. He lifted his head, and began to rub himself against me. I felt his breath on my neck, then his tongue, as he rose to his feet. My hands won't stop running up and down his flanks, feeling the movements of his lean muscles as he also begins to scrabble around for the position that would give him the most contact.

Was it an accident, then, when my hand went south past his stomach? When it found itself in the warm bit of belly, just before his sheath? I don't even know anymore. All I know is that when my questing fingers went down there, something was waiting for them. Something hot, and slick, and all too familiar.

Subject Beta shrunk away, for a second, with a startled whine. He looked from the bit of red poking out of his sheath, to me, and his expression almost perfectly screamed "mortified."

My heart was pounding in my chest. I could hear myself remarking on it. "So," I heard myself saying, "I guess this means that the first time wasn't just a clever way of keeping me from going places, huh?" I could have stopped this. I should have stopped this. But instead, I said. "It's okay, Absol. Come here."

With a bit of awkward negotiation, I was able to get him to lay halfway on his side and on his back. His expression, as he lay there with his forepaws curled in, was almost apologetic. But no amount of contrition seemed to be enough to stop another few millimeters of red, tapered cock from inching its way out of his sheath. It felt like he was conflicted, as if he couldn't dare let himself believe that any of this was happening. There was a flinch to him, as though he were worried that I was planning to seek revenge on him, in some way, and that all this was just a smokescreen.

He seemed a little more assured, when my traitorous hand went even deeper down his body. His crotch was impossibly hot, and the fur here was thin enough that even the lightest touch revealed the coal-gray flesh beneath. I had something between my fingers, hot and soft, that made Subject Beta's face screw up in pleasure. His balls were exactly the right size, that I could play with them with only one hand. The action of kneading and rolling them made the Absol squirm, and rewarded me with a chorus of strangled whines that couldn't have been more energizing if they were coming out of the mouth of a human man.

Inch after inch of Subject Beta's cock rolled itself out, before my eyes. How had he managed to fit all of it inside of me, the first time? It was maybe two thirds as long as my forearm, and I knew from potent experience that there was a knot's worth of extra flesh, waiting to be freed. I took in every inch of that member, and the only thing I remember feeling was sheer, irrational, teenage-boy-with-his-first-porn-mag levels of hunger. I wanted... no, I needed this thing inside of me.

Laying down, I put my head in his crotch. He smelled like animal, but also like male. The heat coming off of his twitching cock was positively volcanic. As was the squirt of pre that he loosed in my face, with an excited squeal. I couldn't stop myself, after that. The next thing I was aware of was the taste and the feeling of his maleness on my tongue. There was so much flesh for it to climb up, that by the time I reached the tip, I had almost run out of saliva. Luckily, there was something dribbling out to replace it, something salty and musky and potent.

Sweet Mew, save me. I'm getting hard remembering it.

I don't think poor Subject Beta was ready for what happened next. His vocalizations took on a tone of pleasured confusion, as I closed my lips around his cock-tip and began to descend. Fuck, those sounds! I remember them so clearly. He was loud, joyful almost to the point of delirium. His tool suddenly pushed forward, in my mouth. It would have nearly stabbed itself into my throat, had I not flinched away. All I could see was fur, but a quick inspection with my hand confirmed my suspicions; his knot had finally been freed.

I think I must have teased him. Bobbing up and down on his tool, with my hand working the flesh just below my lips, I took my sweet time with it. Mew, I fucking savored it. How long had it been, since I was between a man's legs like this? And here I was, scratching my itch with a wild Pokemon. I wasn't thinking about that, at the time. All I knew was that something hot and salty and ready to blow was in my mouth, and it made me feel... fucking powerful.

Eventually, though, my greed went beyond the simple taste of cock. Soon my hand went from stroking his shaft to cupping the underside of his knot. Subject Beta cried out loud, squirming and trembling as his voice reached higher and higher registers. I felt his talons sliding past my leg, stretching out as he got closer and closer, and then... suddenly... 

THIS SYSTE

I didn't think he was ever going to run out. He flooded the inside of my mouth, in seconds. It was so powerful, it actually snapped me out of... whatever was going on with me. I pulled my head away, which was the biggest mistake of all of this. Soon, I was being painted with thick, musty streams of Absol seed. It spattered against my cheek and my throat, then my shirt, then my pants. The stream died down, the tool in my hands going from writhing, to throbbing, to pulsing.

When my eyes were finally clear, I found myself on my back. Subject Beta lay next to me, also on his back, his stomach rising and falling heavily. His eyes were closed, his mouth open in the most unambiguous, dopey grin I'd ever seen on a Pokemon. His cock lay against his stomach, dribbling the last of his joy into his fur as the knot began to slowly deflate.

THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN O

I don't remember much else, after that. I know Subject Beta walked me home, just as he walked me to his nest. He wasn't as touchy-feely as the last time. Maybe he saw what was going through my head. However, as he turned to leave me at my cave, the wagging of his tail more than spoke to how he thought the night had gone.

THIS SYSTEM WILL EN

I don't know what to think about what happened, last night.

THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN ONE MINUTE

WELCOME. YOU HAVE UN

>Y

RESUME LOG ENTRY, TYPE ">COMMIT" TO FINISH

I can't wait to get out of this stupid valley.

>COMMIT

LOG COMMITTED

THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN ONE MINUTE
