WELCOME


>INCIDENT

ACCESSING LAB EMERGENCY INCIDENT REPORTING INTERFACE

Welcome. If you are experiencing a life-or-death emergency, type >SOS at any time. Rangers will be immediately dispatched to your location.


Please provide the severity of your incident on the Lab Danger Scale of 1 to 5


>1

Danger Scale 1 is for miscellaneous incidents, where there was either no threat of bodily harm, or an undefined threat of such, and there are no current injuries to be declared. Emergency services will not be dispatched, but a non-priority message will be sent to user: LabAdmin with a copy of your report. Please confirm if this accurately describes the incident.


>Y
Acknowledged.


Please describe the incident now. Use as many precise details as you are able to. When you are finished, type ">COMMIT"


Blind 4 along the central river has been discovered by the native wildlife. My attempts to engage in observation duties today was waylaid by the discovery that a pack of Pokemon had been using it as a hideaway. Luckily, they were not hostile and I was able to avoid them without incident. However, it is now probable that the blind can no longer be used for its intended purpose. I will be moving my observation duties to Blind 2, located upstream. Please advise if further action is required.

 >COMMIT

Report received and sent. Would you like to speak to a lab tech qualified in crisis management?


>N

Report complete. No additional actions are required for incident reports of Danger Level 1. Researchers are encouraged to take whatever actions are necessary to safeguard their health, as the situation merits. You might receive a response from your Professor, shortly. Please keep an eye out for that. Remember: your safety is your highest priority.


CLOSING LEIRI


. . .


WELCOME


>APPEND LOG "Campfire_Recipes;Personal_TL"

BEGIN LOG ENTRY, TYPE ">COMMIT" TO FINISH


How does this keep happening to me?


I thought I understood how my stay in the Reserve was going to be, from now on. Subject Alpha still often follows me around when I'm engaged in deconstruction work, trying to protect me from rogue Pokemon. However, she refuses to follow me to the blinds. Most likely, it's because she thinks that sitting in a box for hours, staring at Pokemon, is too boring. I'm not willing to check a Farfetch'd's leeks for brown spots, however. After all, I thought that all that meant was that observation days were going to be normal. I wouldn't have to worry about a horny Mightyena and her increasingly more obvious insistence that she "owns" me. All the Pokemon mating would be outside my little box, far away from me.

 
But that's not what happened, today.


I admit, I wasn't entirely paying attention, when I first began to enter the blind. I was looking forward to a quiet, lonely day of staring at Pokemon and taking detailed notes. It was only after I had crawled halfway into the little chamber that I realized I wasn't alone, that the space was filled with warm, fuzzy bodies. I froze, and before I could get going again, I felt a set of jaws around my forearm, dragging me the rest of the way inside. A thick tail slid under the brim of my Grass Suit's hat, pressing against the mouth of my face mask. A set of paws from a third creature pressed down on that tail, stifling my cries of alarm. Four sets of eyes bore on me from all angles, though the last one flitted between me and the observation hole at the bottom of the blind's wall.


After the initial panic passed, and it was obvious that I was not being torn apart by fangs, the actual shapes of my abductors became more obvious. A light red fox let up the pressure against my face, causing the top tail of another fox's fan-like set to fall away from my mouth. A black-furred dog with white, bone-like highlights pulled his jaws away from my arm, which was thankfully padded by the Grass Suit and didn't hurt, to any significant degree.The second dog, this one an orange and beige affair with black stripes, was the one who kept their eyes on the outside world. It took a second or two before my mind pulled up my studies, and I was able to properly name the creatures around me. Two Vulpixes. Hondour. Growlithe. I was surrounded by predators. Fire-type predators. In a wooden, foliage covered blind.

 
One of the Vulpixes shook its tail, as if concerned that I had somehow managed to get spittle on it through my face mask. He looked over at the Growlithe, whining nearly to the point of being sub-vocal. The Growlithe responded with a cautious ruff of its own, eyes still pointed forward towards the river. Houndour took a step forward, growling something vaguely threatening in my direction, before he was stopped by the second Vulpix, who swung his fan of tails against the dog's flank. All of them, I quickly noticed, refused to speak in anything other than their equivalent of a whisper. Slowly, any sense of fear I was feeling was replaced with morbid, bewildered curiosity. I found myself looking out the opening, trying to see what the Growlithe was looking at.

Down at the river, there were only a handful of creatures around. Some bird Pokemon or other rustled in the branches above, something splashed about as it made its way downstream. A larger canine was by the water's edge, taking a drink. It was a Manectric, though to be honest it took me a moment to remember the name, surrounded as I was by so many other species of canines. I remembered that the blue and yellow dog was electric-type, at least. Although, her spiked fur was probably a strong indicator of that. As was the moment when she shivered, crackling with lightning as she made a barely audible noise of distress. Whatever poor creature was in the river ceased its splashing, for a moment, as electrical energy was dumped into the water around it. The Manectric followed it, as it flowed helplessly downstream, but she didn't pursue.

 
Beside me, the two Vulpixes chattered to each other, quietly. The Houndour stared downriver, with something that almost resembled a smile on his gently panting face. The Growlithe continued to have its back to me, with nothing more than a passing glance to the other dogs as she stared intently down at the river. I, for my part, could only lay there, prone, slowly stifling in the cramped, fur-filled shelter. I didn't dare move, or make a sound, though I was painfully aware of the way out of the blind, that I could reach if I only crawled backwards. Instead, I tried to figure out just what sort of activity I had been pulled into. The Manectric seemed uninterested in following the creature she stunned. If she was hunting, she was doing a horrible job.


As I was thinking that, something came out of the bushes. I was suddenly squeezed from both sides, as every one of the canines in the blind crowded to get a better look out of the observation window. A large, majestic dog loped into the clearing, with an ease and a grace that almost bordered on theatrical. I wouldn't have thought something so large, so broad, could step so lightly. He glided to a stop, behind the electric-type, orange fur catching the light just so as his broad, fluffy tail wagged gently behind him. The blind was abuzz with anxious energy, and to be honest I felt a hint of excitement, myself. I probably should have guessed, seeing a Growlithe here, that her evolved form could be around. Even so, seeing an Arcanine out in the wild is so incredibly rare. I would have started taking notes, if there wasn't a Vulpix standing on my dominant hand.

 
The Manectric, upon seeing Arcanine, turned to face him, haunches lowered and hackles glowing. The Arcanine didn't move, seemingly unfazed by such open hostility. Some form of conversation seemed to be happening between them, though since they were both non-verbal (and quite a distance away) I was unable to pick up anything. It looked, for all the world, like a fight was about to start. Then, the Manectric turned around, showing Arcanine her hindquarters.


It was around then that I began to realize that they were definitely not about to start fighting.


With a confident wag of the tail, the Arcanine wasted no time, stepping forward to put his snout directly into the Manectric's backside. His head began to bob up and down, as his broad, flat tongue lapped at what I very quickly recognized was the exact same kind of swollen, heat-addled sex that had been on Subject Alpha, not too long ago. Does the breeding season ever end? How does anything function out here in the springtime?


I could feel the temperature rise, in that blind, as the creatures around me suddenly got more animated. The Houndour lay next to me, absently licking the air. One of the Vulpixes yapped something to the other, which caused the latter's tails to flag and his ears to flatten. Low to the ground as I was, I had the worst possible vantage point to see the first bit of pointed pink flesh telescoping out from between the legs of all of them. Well, not all of them. The Growlithe kept its rear on the floor, not moving a muscle. Not that that made the other three growing cocks any less imposing, close enough as they were to me to give off an aura of heat and need.

 
Speaking of cocks, the Arcanine was very much into his foreplay. I lay there, transfixed, as a frankly distressing mass of flesh grew out from between his legs. Almost despite myself, I began to wonder if that angry, red, tapered thing was anything like what Subject Beta had. Perhaps it was similar in shape and kind, but in terms of size it was clearly a different beast. I couldn't imagine what it would feel like to have the Arcanine on top of me, in the same way.


Metaphorically, of course. Because of course I found myself thinking about literally exactly that, as I watched the Arcanine's growing erection.


A sharp crack rolled up to the blind, as the Manectric's back arched and her paws flexed in the dirt. The Arcanine trembled, fur standing on end, as electricity crackled off of his body. He took a step back, shaking his head and loosing a few dull yellow sparks from his heavy pelt. If he was in any way put out by the accidental electrocution, he didn't show it. If anything, I can't help but imagine the experience coaxed another centimeter or two of cock from out of his sheath. I couldn't quite see his face, but there was a confidence in his stance and demeanor that almost felt like swagger. The Manectric didn't seem to care. She lowered her head and raised her hindquarters, making noises of desperate pleading loud enough for even me to hear.

 
Suddenly, I felt a brand new weight as the Vulpix standing on my arm decided to lie down on it, gently whining to his... brother? (Pack-mate? Do Vulpix form packs?) Before I could really process having one of them on me, the second one joined him, laying half atop the other Vulpix and half atop my forearm. The look between them was strangely charged, as they got themselves comfortable. I could feel the heat from their growing excitement, through the layers of my suit. They were practically rubbing their members against each other, as one of the foxes all but rolled onto the other. This also meant that they were at least partially rubbing their members against me, but I tried not to think about that, too much.


The Houndour, meanwhile, walked past my face, giving me a clear view of his dangling, pointed cock. Not that I was looking, but I was starved for other things to focus on, with everything going on. He came to a stop next to the Growlithe, making a few noises that seemed incredibly familiar. I couldn't understand exactly what he was attempting to say, but that tone... it sent me right back to college, in the worst possible way. Back to the days of that one guy in my dorm who had the charisma of a Feebas in a snapback, and his many, many failed attempts to be suave. Granted, none of the people that guy ever hit on responded with a snapping of teeth and a look of pure murder, like the Growlithe made. Actually, I imagine he would have been a lot more tolerable if someone had done that.

 
Off topic. I'm getting off topic, again. The point is, clearly Houndour was trying to get a leg over on Growlithe, and Growlithe was not having it. In fact, the smaller dog seemed a bit incensed, like this was ground the two of them had tread, multiple times before. The Growlithe gave him just enough of their attention to get the aforementioned snap and glare in, before returning their attention to the outside world. Houndour seemed a bit miffed. At least, he did until he noticed I was looking at him. Then he gave me the stink-eye in a way that perfectly communicated the phrase "what are you looking at?" He wisely decided to slink off to somewhere where my body was between him and the creature who just shot him down, but in a way that tried to suggest he just wanted to be there.


The Growlithe bristled, growling something to the group which caused all of them to look outside. Right at that moment, the Arcanine lunged forward, hopping up on the Manectric's back. I had seen this particular part of the mating ritual more than a few times, in this very blind, so I knew exactly what was coming next. Still, that didn't stop the crowd around me from staring, transfixed, as the large canine's hips began to blindly quest for the exact right angle. Low to the ground as I was, I could even make out the creature's large, heavy balls as it waved lewdly about. I don't know if the Arcanine was an older beast, or if the pendulous nature of that scrotum was just the result of having to carry around those big, full

 THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN ONE MINUTE

Sweet Mew, save me. I'm fawning over a rare dog's nuts like he's a porn star. When did any of this become normal, for me?


In perhaps the only defense I could give, I wasn't the only one who was doing that. The air in that blind was absolutely electric. There were eight wide open eyes around me, all waiting with bated breath to see the moment when the Manectric would get the first kiss of canine member in her waiting sex. Poorly restrained need twitched and throbbed by my head, writhed between my arm and a pair of fox abdomens... and dug into the ground between my own legs. I could barely hear the pleasured yap down the river, over the chorus of appreciative murmurs that rumbled out of the mouths of the canines around me.


The Vulpixes were the first to escalate. The first, like before, responded with whining yips towards the other, who responded by rolling the creature more onto his back. There was a mischievous spark in the second's eyes, as he began to grind his hips against his... pack-mate. I'm gonna go with pack-mate. Arguing with myself over what their relationship with seems like a better use of my time than talking in detail about how they started frotting directly on top of my arm. It's not going to get the sound of their panting out of my head, however, or the feeling of their breath against my face as they settled into a rhythm. There was a tenderness in the way they looked at each other, on top of the expected hormonal desperation.

 
Not that horny lovebird foxes was the only thing vying for my attention. The Houndour began to shift his weight between his paws. I could see on his face that he was reaching the limit of how long he could tolerate his dick being out and untouched, that he was looking around for anything even remotely viable for himself to rub against. I was lying prone, and it was no time before his eyes naturally fell on my ass. I felt my heart fall into my stomach, as our eyes met. It seemed like we both understood exactly where this was going, and there was very little I could do about it, surrounded as I was by predators. Even so, the way he slunk back around behind me was bizarrely furtive, the kind of behavior I would expect of a teenager skulking off to dig the porn magazines out from under his bed.


The Growlithe, who had been stony up until his point, twitched an ear as they heard the ever escalating noises of sex behind them. Their head turned a little bit, nose twitching. Their hips flexed anxiously against the floor, and among the din of yaps outside, and heavy breaths inside, I think I heard the beginning of a needy whine in their throat. Soon, they had to stand up, before they devolved into trying to rub themselves off on the floor. What I saw between their legs was incredibly familiar. I don't know if she was in heat, but that swollen, spade like vulva was as inflamed as I'd ever seen one.

 
Houndour had noticed this, right around the time he had his hips against mine and his paws around my stomach. He gave a series of low, appreciative growl-yips in her direction. Growlithe's only response was to resolutely lower her tail, to hide herself from his hungry eyes. Houndour made an attempt to play that off, seemingly determined to delude himself into believing she was just playing hard to get. That was when I felt the sawing in the cleft between my cheeks, as he decided to focus on the task at hand. I don't know exactly what he rumbled into my ear, but sweet Mew, if it didn't sound like the kind of things a top would say...


So... yeah. This was my afternoon. Ahead of me, an Arcanine and a Manectric were in the process of enthusiastically making Eggs. Two Vulpixes writhed against my left arm, lovingly grooming each other even as the fur on their undersides was being smeared with their pre. A Houndour rutted into my backside, through my suit, breathlessly growling as his body started to get ever hotter. The whole blind was starting to get hot, actually. I felt the sweat beading on my face, as the air became almost suffocating. Around me was the smell of sex and sweat and dog, and while it made my head swim, it also made my trapped member strain almost painfully against the inside of my suit. For a moment, I could feel the precipice approaching. I think I was actually going to cum, like that.

 
It was kind of a blur, so I can't really say who went off first. I think it was one of the Vulpixes, the slightly smaller one on the bottom. All of a sudden, he let out an aria of pleasured whines. Powerful streams of cum shot out from between them, spattering on the ground directly in front of my face. The Vulpix on top responded by redoubling his efforts, screwing his eyes shut as he humped himself over the precipice. Soon there were two streams of cum. Three, actually. Sometime during this, Houndour had pinned down his knot between my ass and his stomach, and had wrenched his own orgasm out of him. I could feel the patters against my back, as his seed drummed against the Grass Suit. Outside, the air was lit up with a gout of flame. The Arcanine pushed his hips forward, mouth open and raised in a fiery howl of triumph as his knot found purchase inside the Manectric's twitching tunnel. Sharp cracks of electricity surrounded the two, as if trying to scare off anyone who would get in the way.


There was so much cum. So much. The Vulpixes were an absolute mess. There was a puddle stinking directly under my nose. My back was painted with the stuff. I stared, honestly kind of numb, as I watched fluids dribbling out from between the Arcanine's legs. It was no wonder I didn't make my own contribution; I think a stiff breeze would have set my twitching member off.

 
Throughout all of this, the Growlithe tried to keep still. Her entire body was spasming, a little puddle forming on the ground beneath her sex. Her breath came in ragged pants, and the look in her eyes when she met mine was nothing short of feral. I can't imagine I was much better, in the state I was in. Slowly, as if fighting the last dregs of willpower she had left, she walked over to me. She turned around, lifting her tail and lowering her hindquarters towards my face. I remember opening my mouth

THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP M


Perhaps, fortunately for me, just before she was about to do anything, Houndour stiffened and yelped, on top of me. All the canines suddenly looked outside, and when I followed their eyes, my heart skipped a beat. The Arcanine, still locked inside of his mate, had lolled his head back. His eyes were directly locked on the blind, seeming to stare directly into mine. A grim but cocky smile was on his face and in the swish of his tail. He knew we were there.


Suddenly, there was a scramble. All four of the creatures picked themselves up, not even concerned about the state they were in, as they all made a mad dash for the tunnel out of the blind. In an instant, I was left alone, with nothing but the smell of dog to mark their passing. Still, however, the Arcanine's eyes were on the blind, not even bothering to follow the others as they scattered into the forest. Slowly, deliberately, he hooked one leg over the Manectric's hips, tying himself completely. Was he... arranging her in a way for me to get the best view of where the two were joined? I can't be sure. I stayed completely still, almost unwilling to breathe, determined to pretend like I wasn't there.

 
The Arcanine, seeing that I wasn't going to make myself obvious, he eventually got bored. He stayed on his feet, as he waited for his knot to go down enough. Then, without ceremony, he pulled himself out of Manectric's sex. She yapped, crackling with annoyance even as her legs wobbled beneath her. She had words for the creature, and probably would have had more, but the experience had clearly worn her out, so eventually she just contented herself with laying down and trying to clean up. Arcanine gave an amused little chuff, offering the blind one last knowing look, before walking off, his cock still half erect and bobbing beneath him like a red flag.


Getting home sucked. Nothing bothered me, even though I knew the scent-neutralizing agents I'd used were basically worthless. It turns out that smelling like you have been mated by three predators will also do, in a pinch, but fuck me, if that wasn't a walk of shame. I could not get back to my cave and into the shower, fast enough. I'm going to have to requisition something to get the smell out of the Grass Suit. In the meantime, I think I just need to forget about what happened.

 THIS


Writing this stuff down was supposed to help me forget. It was supposed to be expunging the thoughts from my head, throwing them in some forgotten text file. One day I'll get my hands on this, and I can throw the hard drive with all these stories into a big fire or something. That was the plan, but... fuck me, I just keep thinking about it.

THIS SYSTEM


Is it just because I'm still wound up? Do I need to just... get it out of my system?


THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN ONE MINUTE


WELCOME. YOU HAVE UNCOMMITTED PROGRESS ON "Campfire_Recipes;Personal_TL". WOULD YOU LIKE TO CONTINUE?


>Y
RESUME LOG ENTRY, TYPE ">COMMIT" TO FINISH


It didn't help.

>COMMIT

LOG COMMITTED


THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN ONE MINUTE.
