WELCOME



APPEND LOG "Campfire_Recipes;Personal_TL"


BEGIN LOG ENTRY, TYPE COMMIT TO FINISH


Is it possible that these Pokemon might be reading me? It's clear that I've gotten better at figuring out what Subject Alpha and Subject Beta have been thinking. Does it maybe work in reverse? Do they suspect that I'm going to be leaving them, once summer starts? There's no denying that every creature I've interacted with, in this valley, is very much smarter than some in the League would give them credit for. There have to be studies out there on this phenomenon. The applicability to Trainers, alone, would


THIS SYS


I'm stalling. I keep fucking stalling.


Today was a deconstruction day. That part of the job has gotten so easy, now, that it almost never feels like its worth talking about. I don't wake up the next day aching, at least half the time. It's a shame I didn't think to take pictures of myself, at the start of spring. I almost certainly have shaped up, these past two months.


Note to self: get a gym membership, when my tour of duty is over.

 
Subject Alpha was with me, like she's apparently decided to do every time I go to tear down the old buildings. Today, she seemed to content herself with sitting on a rock, nearby the blasted half of a cabin I had set my sights on. There, she accompanied the sound of my sledgehammer with enthusiastic, authoritative barks. For the first few swings, I had no idea what she was barking about. Then, after taking a moment to listen to her tone, it started to click. I heard, without words, something similar to what coaches yelled at me during PE classes. She was cheering me on. Or, more accurately, she was admonishing me for not putting enough force into my swings, trying to goad me into hitting the ramshackle walls harder than I already was.


Does it say something about me, that I fell for that? It's such a predictable thing, to let it get under my skin whenever somebody calls my manliness into question. For all I know, she was doing no such thing. She could have just been barking, and I could have imagined all of that. But once the thought got into my head, it just couldn't get out. And I definitely started swinging the hammer harder, once that thought got into my head. As in, I managed to completely knock out a support beam in one swing, and then had to jump out of the way, when a bit of the roof decided to fall where I was standing. Not that that had done anything more than slow me down. I had the dumb building toppled over before sundown, when I had otherwise planned for it to take at least two days.

 
Again, perhaps I was imagining things, but I couldn't help but look into Subject Alpha's eyes, as I stood there panting and sweating, and think that she was finding the whole thing to be incredibly amusing. She got to her feet, lazily jumping off of the rock, and proceeded to get close. Very close. As in "this is an abnormal amount of closeness and you're clearly up to something" close. Unfortunately for me, the forest has a lot of trees, and it was trivial for her to put my back to one. I tried to ask her what she was doing, but it was clear from the look on her face, what she was after.


Actually, that look kind of sticks with me. I don't know how to explain it. She could say a lot of things with her eyes, but today she was saying something... different. It felt like she was trying to be... nice? She was trying to be seductive, first and foremost. Those eyes of hers still had that same glint that they did, moments before she forced herself on me, but there was also a sort of fumbling performance to it all. It clearly made her more than a bit self-conscious, if the furtive glances over her shoulder and the twitch of her ears were any indication. Even so, the way she closed that last little bit of distance had all the sensual grace of a girlfriend trying to get their lover in the mood.

 
She craned her head up, clamped her jaws around my belt, and started to tug my pants down. I was already hard. It's almost an ingrained instinct, at this point. This wasn't the first time she tried to play with me outside, but it was the first time she decided to do this in broad daylight. And in a place this open. I swear, the entire time I could feel eyes on me, somewhere out in the trees. Subject Alpha seemed to be beyond caring, however. Especially when she put her cold nose into the area under my balls, and began to sniff.


Sweet Mew, save me, but she really likes the way I smell.


I waited for her to turn around, to get on her back, to show me how she wanted to be fucked. However, much to my surprise, that never happened. Instead, her tongue slipped out of her muzzle, and she began to lick at my flesh. She tasted every inch of my manhood, covering the whole thing with a slick of her spit. Then, before I could really process that, she proceeded to try and put my cock in her muzzle.


She was... awful. Just awful. I don't know where she picked up that she could even do this sort of thing, but it was obviously her first time attempting. Her muzzle was not built for this sort of action. She had to move carefully to try and avoid scraping her teeth against me, and unfortunately for me, dexterity was probably her worst attribute. Every time I would start to feel warm, let myself take in the feeling of her lashing tongue against the underside of my shaft, another bump of teeth made me tense right back up again. For a while, nothing was keeping me hard but... actually, I don't know what was keeping me hard. Fear? As shameful as it is to admit, it seems like fear does something to me.

 
Unfortunately, fear is a double-edged sword. That feeling I had? The one that said that something was watching us? It only got stronger, with each passing second. I couldn't see anything out in the woods, but soon it felt almost certain. Inescapable. At the time, I felt convinced that I was in danger. Like, more danger than what I was already in, with a Mightyena attempting to suck me off.


It was too much. Between the fear and the danger, I felt myself getting soft. Subject Alpha pulled herself away from me, staring at my manhood as it fell down against my balls. She seemed... well, she was trying to act offended, but I think she might have been hurt. I made the mistake of trying to apologize. She responded by slamming her head against the side of my leg, sending me sprawling to the dirt, and leaving me to try and pick myself back up.


As I pulled my pants back up, brushing dirt and leaves off of my still-slick member, I realized that I still felt the eyes on me. If anything, the feeling had only gotten more intense. I was about to ask Subject Alpha if she could hear anything, or smell anything. Of course, by then, she had put herself a distance away from me, probably in an effort to spare herself the embarrassment. So, there wasn't anything for it. I covered up, and went back to work.

 
Nothing else happened. Even so, I can't help but shake that feeling. What if something had been out there? Could we have been attacked? I keep forgetting that this valley is dangerous. Things are out there, things even stronger than Subject Alpha and Subject Beta. If I'm going to survive until the end of this last month, I need to keep myself vigilant.


I'm gonna test something out, tonight. I'll check back in tomorrow morning.

>COMMIT


LOG COMMITTED


THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN ONE MINUTE


WELCOME


>RUN SILPH_SCANNER.EXE


RUNNING...


Welcome to the Silph Company's Silph Scanner Diagnostic Utility (SSDU).


>PAIR


If you haven't already, please plug your Silph Scanner in to your PC.


Please hold...


Scanner paired.


>ARCHIVE


Displaying recordings in archive:


5-2-21:02:26


>PLAY "5-2-21:02:26"


Initiating Playback. Transcript Mode Enabled.


[Visible is a natural rock wall or ceiling. Scene is lit by artificial light. A human hand comes into focus. Hand identified as belonging to Root User.]


[Voice (M): Okay. I think... I think it's recording.]


  [Voice identified as belonging to Root User. User turns his hand, in view of the camera.]


[User: Right, so... I really should have thought of something to recite, for this test. Um... I mean, I guess I could just pull some data out of the Pokedex or... or...]


[Pokemon noises detected, off-screen but nearby. Heavy breathing noises, growls. Camera angle travels as User looks down. User is laying on a dark-green cot. A large, black and gray furred creature is on the cot with User, laying alongside. It is currently licking at User's bare chest. Scanning...]


[Threat detected. Creature identified as Mightyena (PND Entry 262). No OT data detected. WILD POKEMON. EXERCISE EXTREME CAUTION]


[User: Alpha... No, Alpha, please... I'm trying to...] [Wild Mightyena nips at User's side. Signs of hostility detected.] [User: Oh, sweet Mew...]


[Wild Mightyena turns their head to look down to the foot of the bed. Eyes tracked. Target of Wild Pokemon's focus: user's crotch. Wild Pokemon gets up, standing on User's stomach. Wild Pokemon bites at User's hip, pulling at the waistband of his lounge pants. A struggle ensues. User and Pokemon wrestle on the cot for approximately sixteen seconds. When the footage stabilizes, User's lounge pants are down to his ankles. User and Pokemon stare at User's crotch.]


  [Signs of sexual arousal detected in User.]


[User: Alpha, please. N-not now. We can't do this, now!]


[W. MYena: *Snarls aggressively*]


[Wild Pokemon steps over User's body, hindquarters in view of the camera. Pokemon positively identified as female. Signs of sexual arousal detected in Wild Pokemon. Wild Pokemon walks forward, lowers hips onto User's. Anomalous behavior detected. Scanning... Interpreting...]


[Interpretation: Wild Pokemon appears to be attempting to engage in mating behaviors with User. Pokemon rubs her vulva against User's penis. Vocalizations made by Wild Pokemon consistent with Mightyena mating rituals.]


[Camera angle changes as User looks to his left. Various personal effects detected, on the floor. Environment positively identified as: cave interior.]


[User: Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck... Okay, where's the manual? I need to turn the camera off. Where the fuck did I put the... fuck!]


[Camera angle changes as User looks violently to his right. Wild Pokemon has penetrated herself on User's penis. Pokemon growls, as she begins to rut User.]


  [Voice (F): Aaah! Fuck! Alpha! Alpha, please! Al... *unintelligible*]


[Scanning... Unidentified female voice analyzed, believed to belong to Root User. Confidence Index: 54%. Currently not at threshold to identify positively.]

[Voice (F): *unintelligible* Alpha... Mew, Alpha, slow down! You're... *unintelligible* you're being so... rough! I can't...]


[Wild Pokemon looks back. Eye contact established with User. Signs of aggression apparent: teeth bared, hackles raised, ears flat.]


[Voice (F): I said... *unintelligible* ...I was sorry!]


[Wild Pokemon continues to raise and lower her hips against User, harder than before. Repeated sounds of impacts, along with heavy breaths, animal growls, and moans of pleasure.]


[Voice (F): Mew... Oh, sweet mother Mew, save me. *unintelligible, for several seconds* Alpha... fuck, Alpha! I'm... I'm gonna...]


[Wild Pokemon makes eye contact. Signs of aggression consistent with textbook Mightyena dominance displays apparent.]


[Voice (F): Oh, no. No, I can't... I... Alpha!]


[User's hands come into frame, grabbing Wild Pokemon by her hips. Strangled groaning noises. User's hips hike up into Wild Pokemon's. Twitching, deep thrusts consistent with orgasm. Wild Pokemon growls and shivers. Fluid begins to leak out from where Wild Pokemon and User are joined.]


  [User: Fuck... oh... oh, no. Oh, no. Was that all recorded?]


[Wild Pokemon stands up, hindquarters still pointed towards camera. Semen drips between her labia.]


[User: This is bad. Where's the manual? I need to find... Alpha?]


[Wild Pokemon takes steps backwards. Her hindquarters gets closer to the camera.]


[User: Alpha, what are you... Alpha, no. No! Don't put that in my... Alpha? Al-]


Playback stopped.


>DELETE "5_2_21:02:26"


Are you sure you want to delete this recording? (Y/N)


THIS SYSTEM WILL EN


>N


Delete canceled.


>TERMINATE


TERMINATING SSDU...


WELCOME


THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN ONE MINUTE


WELCOME


>RUN SILPH_SCANNER.EXE


RUNNING...


Welcome to the Silph Company's Silph Scanner Diagnostic Utility (SSDU).


>PAIR


If you haven't already, please plug your Silph Scanner in to your PC.


Please hold...


Scanner paired.


>ARCHIVE


Displaying recordings in archive:


5-2-21:02:26

5-3-09:18:47


>PLAY "5-3-09:18:47"


Initiating Playback. Transcript Mode enabled.


[Forest trail. Morning. Cloudy. Mountains can be seen over the trees. Camera pans left and right, haphazardly.]


  [Voice (M): Is somebody out there?]


[Voice identified as belonging to Root User.]


[Voice (F): *giggles*]


[User: Who's there? Who are you?]


[Voice (F): Just a girl on a hike. I gotta say, it's funny we keep running into each other, like this.]


[User: What are you talking about?]


[Voice (F): Oh, that's right. I forgot I didn't come out and say hi. I could have sworn you knew I was there, while you were enjoying some quality time with your... girlfriend.]


[User: My... my what?]


[Voice (F): *laughs* The poor bitch. Does she know you snuck out the other night, so you could go to town on that Absol's cock?]


[User: Shit... What... what do you want?]


[Voice (F): Mmmm, it's so nice, when they get with the program, right away. Don't worry. I've got no intention of running my little mouth off to the Lab. That's who you work for, right? I'm assuming you're not wearing that stupid Grass Suit for the sake of fashion.]


[Camera pans around, as User scans his surroundings. User's movements are erratic, and the sound of his breath indicates an elevated stress response.]


  [Voice (F): As it so happens, I have need of someone like you. You'll be perfect, for dealing with a certain... problem of mine.]


[User: I... whatever you need. Please, I'll do anything.]


[Voice (F): Of course you will. You're a good boy, after all. Go on about your day, like you normally would. Go watch Pokemon fuck or whatever it is you do in your little hidey-holes. Once you're done with that, however, you're gonna go to the West Training Pitch. Do you know where that is?]


[User: That's... that's right next to the central compound.]


[Voice (F): Oh, don't worry. It'll be as safe as anywhere else in this valley, when you get there. If you don't believe me, ask your boy-toy. Get down there, tonight. Oh, and don't go telling that Mightyena of yours. She seems like the jealous type. Might not let you go around behind her back, anymore.]


[A rustle in the bushes. Camera snaps in that direction.]


[User: Hello? Are you still there?]


[No response. Recording ends.]


>SCAN: PEOPLE


Scanning...


No humanoid figures detected in recording.


  >SCAN: ELECTRONICS


Checking register of EM sources logged for recording...


No notable electrical sources registered.


>SCAN: ANOMALY


Scanning for all noteworthy anomalies in recording. This scan may take several minutes.


>EXIT


SSDU SUSPENDED, BUT WILL RUN IN THE BACKGROUND; USE "TERMINATE" TO HALT


>APPEND LOG "Campfire_Recipes;Personal_TL"


BEGIN LOG, TYPE ">COMMIT" TO FINISH


I'm fucked. I'm fucked. I'm so fucking goddamn fucked.

THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN ONE MINUTE


>COMMIT


LOG COMMITTED


THIS SYSTEM WILL ENTER SLEEP MODE IN ONE MINUTE


ATTENTION!


SSDU has finished its anomaly scan of the selected footage.


Pokemon identified in the bushes. Profile suggest quadruped, probable Field Type. Not enough data points to determine OT data.


Comparing profile to known Dex entries...


System has predicted with an 84% confidence that the identified Pokemon is consistent with PND #700: Sylveon.
